Don’t freak out, guys.
It’s been 30 years now since E.T. nearly
destroyed the entire industry.
Alright?
Times change, wounds heal and Atari didn’t
make this one.
That’s reason enough to give E.T. a shot
at redemption.
Plus, it’s the anniversary of the movie...available
now on Blu-ray.
Hurry up and buy one!
Before they get buried in a landfill.
It’s E.T.: The Green Planet for the iPhone.
I won’t mince words here.
I hated the original Atari game more than
almost any other game ever, but I love the
movie and the characters.
So...I’m anxious to play it, but I’m reflexively
cautious about any game with tiny brown aliens
and Elliot.
And then I start playing, and I’m like,
“Hey, it’s pretty, it has an original
premise...it’s early, but I think I’m
digging this thing.
You should’ve done this 30 years ago, E.T.”
And then he’s like, “E.T. phone your credit
card.”
Wait, what?
So The Green Planet picks up in the moments
right after the movie.
E.T. lands on his home planet, having just
left Elliot, to discover that Earth wasn’t
such a bad place.
His own planet is suffering some kind of environmental
catastrophe.
And it’s a good thing he’s finally back,
because only his healing touch can save them.
So it’s a little cartoony...uh, especially
the elder E.T. at the bottom.
But it’s kinda cute and it does work.
I really like the concept.
It’s sort of like a Farmville thing where
you’re planting these alien flowers and...whatever
the hell those things are.
And you can even go visit your friends’
gardens—online, a little friend code, good
stuff.
It’s just that...the exchange rate from
Earth to the Green Planet must be insane,
because alien gardens are f*cking expensive.
Let’s be clear.
This is a free game, but it’s not.
And if you’re going to have enough nutrients
to plant plants, you’re eventually going
to have to buy them.
In fact, you’re eventually going to have
to buy everything.
I sank almost ten dollars into this game,
buying various resources to grow and buy new
seeds, and it lasted about an hour before
I hit that wall again.
Oops, you’re out of healing touches.
Either wait three days for nature to take
its course...or, uh, buy another five dollar
pack.
F*cking interplanetary capitalists.
E.T. has come a long way since the infamous
disaster of 1982.
Atari would have you believe it was a weather
balloon, but I know better.
I know it was more than that.
This game is more than that, too...but it’s
also dollars and dollars more.
And dollars.
Elliot.